[local_auth] Add Android theme compatibility documentation (#6875)
flutter/plugins: packages/local_auth/local_auth/README.md

_do not_ call `getAvailableBiometrics`. Simply call `authenticate` with `biometricOnly: true`.
This will return an error if there was no hardware available.

Furthermore, you need to update the `AndroidManifest.xml` file with the 
`Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme to be compatible with **Android version 8 and below**; 
otherwise the app crashes for those versions.  

```xml
...
	<application
		...
		<activity
			...
			android:theme="@style/Theme.AppCompat.Light"
			...	
		>
		</activity>
	</application>
...
```

> 

Reviewer: I would instead have the docs suggest modifying the parent style of the `LaunchTheme` like suggested here https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/55638#issuecomment-796547472. This theme is also what helps show a launch/splash screen.

_do not_ call `getAvailableBiometrics`. Simply call `authenticate` with `biometricOnly: true`.
This will return an error if there was no hardware available.

#### Android theme

> On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer 2: Nit: Please wrap all of the new text here to 80 characters, as with the rest of the README.

> On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer 2: You can remove "On Android", since this is in the Android section of the README.

> On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer 2: Why is `.Light` the only option here? Why not just `Theme.AppCompat`?

Author: I made some research and test all variants of the `Theme.AppCompat`, and these were the results:

Using `Theme.AppCompat` alone results in a dialog with weird (no contrast) theme:
<img width="283" alt="android-6-appcompat" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64153497/216766140-934f7eb0-c16c-48ba-a344-5e2781925a02.png">

Therefore, only two options left from the documentation:
- **Light**
- **Dark**

However, since API 29 there is an extra option: **DayNight**, which enables light/dark modes switching when the user changes the theme from the device's settings.

To check the later, I set up the `Theme.AppCompat.DayNight` theme and these are the results:
-  Choosing light mode from device's settings
<img width="314" alt="android-11-appcompat-daynight-light" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64153497/216766861-9b9e54d3-e28b-4cce-a306-ef06f14eff5a.png">

- Chossing dark mode from device's settings
<img width="315" alt="android-11-appcompat-daynight-dark" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64153497/216766869-6a8d180d-60e1-43e5-9b7a-e0bd0b739e25.png">

The good thing is that even the `Theme.AppCompat.DayNight` theme has only sense from API 29, it maps the available mode of lower API versions. The following is an example of using `DayNight` on API 23 (Android 6):
<img width="282" alt="android-6-appcompat-daynight" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64153497/216766779-7e37946a-edd3-4fbc-b6e1-895333e714ec.png">

As the options of `AppCompat` are related to a usecase, I updated the doc by suggesting to apply one of the AppCompat options. And I gave the `DayNight` example:

You need to update the `LaunchTheme` parent style with a valid `Theme.AppCompat`
theme to be compatible with **Android version 8 and below**, otherwise the app
crashes for those versions. For example, use `Theme.AppCompat.DayNight` to
enable light/dark modes for the biometric dialog.

> On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the parenthetical; why does someone need to "notice" something in order to make this change, particularly something in another file?

Author: In `AndroidManifest.xml` you specify the name of the style you have defined in the `styles.xml`, therefore if you don't notice that you have referenced the correct name the theme in `styles.xml` won't apply.

I updated this part telling the reader that this reference makes possible the application of the defined theme in `styles.xml`:

(Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file to apply the changes made in `styles.xml`)

Reviewer 2: > if you don't notice that you have referenced the correct name the theme in `styles.xml` won't apply

Whether or not someone *notices* that its' there is irrelevant to whether it works, only whether it *is* there. So this is telling someone to do something that doesn't help ("notice" something) if it is there, and also doesn't tell them what to do if it's not. The instructions here for `styles.xml` seem to assume that the reader isn't familiar with any of this and thus needs extremely detailed instructions; the instructions for `AndroidManifest.xml` should equally clear and detailed, assuming the same level of reader knowledge.

Author: I understand. Well, due to Flutter creates the `styles.xml` always with a `LaunchTheme` style name and it is associated to the `AndroidManifest.xml` by default, I will remove the phrase between parentheses (...).

> On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer 2: Nit: "and you should have set up something like this" isn't really adding anything to the instructions, it's just making it longer. "Then change the parent for that style as follows:" conveys the same information, but is much shorter.

> On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer 2: Why are the paths here and below written like menu navigation instructions (with ` > `) rather than as paths (with `/`)?

> On Android you need to update the `LaunchTheme` parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme to be compatible with **Android version 8 and below**; otherwise the app crashes for those versions. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:

Reviewer: @Abel1027 Thanks for the explanation! Upon reflection, I think it may be good to ensure that this is true for anyone using this plugin, as there seems to be other reproductions of that error on other versions in other use cases (like [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21814825/you-need-to-use-a-theme-appcompat-theme-or-descendant-with-this-activity), for instance). Maybe something like:

```suggestion
On Android, ensure that the `LaunchTheme` of your app has a parent style with the `Theme.AppCompat.Light` theme; otherwise the app may crash. To do that go to `android > app > src > main > res > values > styles.xml` and look for the style with name `LaunchTheme` (Notice that `LaunchTheme` must be referenced in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file). Then, change the parent style with the new value and you should have set up something like this:
```

```xml
...
<resources>
  <style name="LaunchTheme" parent="Theme.AppCompat.Light">
    ...
  </style>
  ...
</resources>
...
```

> In case you don't have a `styles.xml` file for your Android project you can set up the Android theme directly on your `android > app > src > main > AndroidManifest.xml` file:

Reviewer 2: Nit: remove "your" and "file" at the end; the fact that it's a file in their project is clear from context.

_do not_ call `getAvailableBiometrics`. Simply call `authenticate` with `biometricOnly: true`.
This will return an error if there was no hardware available.

#### Android theme

> You need to update the `LaunchTheme` parent style with a valid `Theme.AppCompat`

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't be phrased to assume it's not already set this way, as it could be. How about:

"Your `LaunchTheme`'s parent must be a valid `Theme.AppCompat` theme to prevent crashes on Android 8 and below."
